W-23514573-acb-release-july-21-fa (#689)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: code-builder-home/modules/ROOT/pages/imp-implement-local-apis.adoc

MuleSoft: Re-scaffold this local API
----
+

> NOTE: This command is available only for API specifications that have not been published to Anypoint Exchange. If you publish the spec to Exchange, re-scaffolding is no longer available for that asset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This command is available only for API specifications that haven't been published to Anypoint Exchange. If you publish the spec to Exchange, re-scaffolding is no longer available for that asset.
```
